Hey.
Well done for getting through another module.
Now today I want to talk to you about what to do when the goal just seems really really far away.
You might be sitting there thinking, "Oh man. I've still got so much stuff to learn and there's so
many things I don't know.
And it seems like the more I learn the more it seems like there's more stuff to learn."
So what should you do if you feel like this?
Now a few years back I was in Africa and I was climbing Mount Kilimanjaro and one of the things that
really bothers me is that even though I'm trudging along like day by day it felt like as if the peak
was just like really far away.
And it was getting further and further away.
It didn't feel like I was making progress even though I felt like I was working really hard.
And at this point the guide for the National Park just said just look down at your feet just look at
your feet taking steps one by one and I tried a try just looking at every step as I went along.
And surprisingly just by focusing on completing the one small task like putting one foot in front of
the other and not thinking about anything else like grand goals of something, I actually got that far
pretty quickly.
And when I looked up it was like whoa! I've actually gone a really long distance.
So I guess what I'm trying to say is that you know a lot of things that are worth doing are quite large
goals and if you focus on that large goal it can feel like you're like an ant that's moving along and
you're not making much progress.
So don't focus on the end.
Just focus on doing one step at a time.
Just cram in one hour a day of coding or just solving one coding challenge.
And the more that you do this
I mean it's the laws of physics right?
You're eventually going to get there
but it just won't feel like it's as far away or it takes quite as long.
So try doing that the next time you feel like your goals are really out of reach.
And as long as you're making daily progress then the laws of physics state that you eventually have
to get there right?
So keep going is what I'm trying to say.
You're doing great.